#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ/HaSeul - 소년, 소녀 (Let Me In)”
(Olivia Hye is shooting in the strong wind!)
(And it seems this BGM is suitable to this situation..)
Olivia Hye: Ah...
‘You’ve been filming for 3days, right?’
‘When was the hardest time during the filming?’
Olivia Hye: Right now!
#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)”
(But she looks professional when the camera is rolling!)
(The filming is continued until late night…)
HeeJin: Hey, um…
HeeJin: My face… This laugh is not really a laugh…
(And finally all the filming for [Egoist] is over!)
HeeJin: Fianlly!
Olivia Hye: It’s over!
Olivia Hye: It was really meaningful to me!
HeeJin: Even it was her first time to shoot a music video, she did a great job!
HeeJin: And also I was really grateful to all the staffs worked hard for us in this hard condition!
Olivia Hye: Thank all the staffs again for all the hard work!
Olivia Hye: I’m really appreciate it!
HeeJin: And please looking forward to Olivia Hye and give her a lot of support!
All: See you!